The Corporate License
This is an End User License Agreement (EULA) between the licensee company and Design Bundles Ltd. Please read this Agreement carefully. By downloading and/or installing this font software or design product (Licensed Product), the Company (as defined below) agrees to the terms of this license.
This Corporate License is valid for all employees or members of one (1) company, organization, business concern, or household (herein to be referred to as “Company”). Items covered by this license may be used on an unlimited number of computers or devices owned by that one (1) Company. For the purposes of this Corporate License, a subsidiary of a company or organization shall be considered a separate entity, and each subsidiary shall be required to purchase a separate license.This Corporate License covers the licensee Company for its lifetime, and all purchased items covered under this license may be downloaded to any of the licensee’s computers/devices at any time in the future.Business Stationery and Product PackagingCovered : Using graphics to create physical products related to a business, including but not limited to: business cards, stationery, letterhead, brochures, and flyers; as long as those products are printed by members of the licensee Company, using the Company’s equipment. An unlimited number of these items can be made.Covered : Using graphics to create physical packaging for products, including but not limited to: boxes, bottles, bags, and other containers; as long as those packages are printed by members of the licensee Company, using the Company’s equipment. An unlimited number of these packaged products can be made.
Covered : Using fonts to create designs related to a business, including but not limited to: business cards, stationery, letterhead, brochures, and flyers; and designs for physical packaging for products, including but not limited to: boxes, bottles, bags, and other containers. All text must be flattened to an uneditable raster or vector format before the design may be sent to any other person or party for printing. An unlimited number of these business and packaging designs can be made.Covered/Limited : Modifying graphics, illustrations, clipart, or other design objects and combining them with other elements (graphics/text) to create a new and original transformative packaging design, which may then be sent to an outside printer or manufacturer, so they can print these items on your Company’s behalf. See the Transformative Guidelines for examples of how purchased elements must be modified, combined, and transformed before the new design can be sent to an outside party.Not Covered : Sending as-is or nearly as-is graphics, illustrations, or other design products to any outside printer, manufacturer, maker, print-on-demand company, or any other party, so that the outside party can make business stationery products or product packaging on your Company’s behalf.Logos, Identity, and BrandingCovered : Using a font to create a company logo, personal logo, or any type of branding. All text must be flattened to an uneditable raster or vector format before the design may be sent to any other person or party. Any logos created may be registered as trademarks, but the Licensed Product (font, illustration, graphic, or other design object) itself may not be registered or claimed in any way, and must be specifically disclaimed in any intellectual property registration.
Covered/Limited : Modifying graphics, illustrations, clipart, or other design objects and combining them with other elements (graphics/text) to create a company logo, personal logo, or any type of branding. See the Transformative Guidelines for examples of how purchased elements must be modified, combined, and transformed. Any logos created may be registered as trademarks, but the Licensed Product (illustration, graphic, or other design object) may not be registered or claimed in any way, and must be specifically disclaimed in any intellectual property registration.

Not Covered : Using as-is or nearly as-is graphics in a personal or company logo, unless the graphics are specifically sold for as-is logo use, such as in a “logo creation kit” or “ready-made logo” product. Any logos created with elements from such kits may be registered as trademarks, but the Licensed Product (illustration, graphic, or other design object) may not be registered or claimed in any way, and must be specifically disclaimed in any intellectual property registration.